#BE-4163 Docs - Testing Distribution Rework (#582)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/distribute/downloading-binaries.md

<Screenshot url="https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE-4071-portalentry.png" />

<Screenshot url="https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE-4163-mobilex.png" />

:::info

> Please note that the log out option is available only if your testing distribution profile has an active authentication method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the log out option is available only if an active authentication method is present in your testing distribution profile.
```
